[Music]
hi you guys are welcome back to my
channel and it's been a while since I've
done a sit-down video or a video and I
but today I'm going to do a fashion
normal video i bought this all by myself
just to let you guys know not sponsored
in any way cuz i know a lot of youtubers
get sponsored not me I just I've been
wanting to buy from them for a while now
and so I finally did it i've been
debating for months and it just I didn't
want to it I wanted to enjoy wanted
because there are so many bad reviews
but then there were so many different
people like saying good things about it
and it so it's like back and forth so I
I finally did it actually did two
separate orders the same day and why but
I ended up doing two separate orders and
they ended up getting your days later oh
my did it on Wednesday morning and then
we got here I saturday until two or
three days whatever I know a lot of
people are like saying like they don't
get confirmation colder like you know
like I'm tracking numbers and stuff and
I actually got all the emails that
you're supposed to get like I got an
email think my money orders were
confirmed for both at you know like the
next day I said that it was going to be
shift and and like I know a lot of
people say that they say that if there's
two confirmed and then it's going to be
but then they let me know that
their items out of stock but I didn't
get any problems like that for me at
least I was really happy with the
delivery process and all that I have
nothing to like argue about it because I
know there are some people that are like
really mad because I see it on facebook
when they write comments I think I news
who are seeing this people bash them I
seen good videos bad videos but you know
I guess it all depends on where or
whatever because i know they come from
California so NIH Cairo
so yeah it's in about three days which I
didn't know that man but anyways so I'm
going to do a fashion of a try on haul
we're going to show you the items like
that and then i'm going to put in a
video of me hang on i believe i have
four genes and five or six shirts I
can't honestly remember but three of
those items are going back I wanted it
like how it looks to imagine like how
lift on me and then the other one came
back came like ripped but you'll see so
it sounds you all these things it says
want to be featured on fashionable
Instagram it's just like a twenty
percent off for the March some of the
March and then it's going to this which
is how to return I got two of these
because I just choose a bit early but
yeah so the first item of the shirts
that I am so in love with its this black
one and you can see it but it's so
freaking chu aye I love it I got it in
the size large I usually do large or
medium depending of how I feel in it but
since I don't usually buy so annoying
alishmas skeptical so I got a large
because I just let him I did a lot of
research of different sizes and yeah
this is a large enough its new perfect
it just has like a guitar or something
on it and I love this off I don't even
know what's called but I love it in its
black which is my favorite color oh yeah
that's the first item so like i said
i'll put in me signed it on or whatever
so the second item is this pest foul
like rift or whatever you want to call
it a long sleeve shirt it's like has
holes and rips everywhere and i love
tell the girl looks at it online it does
look as good as and I'm me because
obviously because she's a model whatever
but it's really cute I love the color
like I'm so into this color right now
it's ridiculous with this with this
color and black is just Sturgis like my
spare random but yeah it's just stressed
everywhere so yeah I'm her like you drip
which I did see the girl
online could have like this huge room
right here so alike yeah and I I did
hear and read things how the clothes
like smells funny I don't know if it's
like a warehouse smile because obviously
came to a warehouse but they have a
funny sense which so before me where any
of these are going to watch them if you
like they all came in plastic except one
item which is one of the items i'm
sitting back everything else came in
plastic sold I don't know what yeah so
this is the second item it's a t-shirt a
black one it has this nice a cut right
here with this little like chopra
whatever the heck you want to call it it
is just black it is just a t-shirt but i
just like i like the front part and i
also got these dead these last two and
large the next picture i also got
enlarge it is also black but its
distress kind of like the test I'll one
but i also have the demise of the right
here it is just it's really cute it is
very light and most of the clothes that
I got I got it like cheaper than what
it's been up Mindless I tect like maybe
a hundred and forty dollars on
everything which I didn't think it was
that bad since it's four chains and like
six shirts so the next item I got was
Eugene I honestly I really like how
these meets it I could have probably fit
in the nine but I a mitigate I got 11 s
because I is just telling you with all
these different sizes and everything I
didn't know what to get so I ended up
getting 11 for all my jeans but I think
what this one is so stretchy I could
have ended up fitting in online these
are as they are like ripped from right
here in a big risk and yes they do fit
me oh I know your kind of highlights
what the hell so a lot of people like
how your friend is closed that's big in
your um I've always had a but ever since
I was little even like from junior high
to high school to when I was married I
was always a high seven but my
my waist is really small though back
then my waist is smaller than one is I
thought was bigger you know therefore a
skinnier girl than what I I was you know
but it like ever since I can't you know
I obviously went up in my thighs and
thought that bigger so yes I am I don't
really know my thighs so what I go to so
I have to try on to that one by without
trying them on but so like I was so
skeptical about it but honestly these
fit really well like if it really well I
like Halle say and I like how they look
and it's just like it kind of like a
painting material but you know like
because it doesn't feel like um like
leggings which is go to my I don't like
leggings so it feels really nice and
then the next thing I got are also black
I'm they're just not risk and these
don't feel like lemmings nor will I feel
like Oh jeans yes they're like spandex
actually but they're like a gamepad I
fees are extra I just as sure like a
stretchy which I kind of probably fit in
a 9 in this too but they put me perfect
as well and there's nothing special
about it it's just like nothing little
crepes no nothing but yes this is it for
that one and then the other pair of
jeans is just in blue one these remind
me so much of my charlotte rose to you
there they're just regular blue jeans
they kind of feel like a like a jegging
which is a sign to 11 and they fit me
perfect also the length is it's like
barely at perfect like the other two
were like a little longer which really
like because I'm talk to 157 but these
were like barely fit me but yeah they
fit really nice too so I like these but
like I said things I knew my Charlotte
blue team's would which is where i
usually get my jeans at you know pretty
house budget is go on
so this top I am coming back it is
really pretty I won't try on something
like how listen but i'll slide a picture
of the girl that's wearing it online but
it's really cute it's like this is this
is the front you know like has a lot the
collar and it's cut right here to truly
nice and on the back is open but it's a
mrs. Tyler large also have to wear this
cut a bra nice and anything about it
before i bought it and I don't like
point out like that and you know
obviously my goodies are big enough like
that to wear without so it's just I felt
weird and I'm not going to feel
comfortable and i'm not aware but might
as well since it back but it's really
pretty of girls with you know that are
comfortable like that should really get
that it's really it's a really really
sure using them also coming back very
last year they're light and there are
ribs um but they are very very weird
because i like they're really really
long I me like extra 1i me like I have
to be six foot to wear these but and I
like from right here it just like it was
like all the weight I like over to my
rollick of how long do you were to me it
just still look right so they're really
cute online it really cute it just it's
very weird and again sometimes 11 as
well and it is just extra extra extra
long where it just did fit me well i'll
apply in the picture too it's really
cute like there are really cute script
and everything I just wish there were I
just I don't know how to explain it so
yeah so this is the last item I really
liked it when I seen it in the picture
it is a size large and it has like a
riff on the side you can see it's really
cute but when I try to not just one I do
like how the material was I felt like it
was itching on my skin it may not be but
I'm very picky about like this kind of
material so on my skin I felt like
it was itchy and then to it's like
ripped right here like this one's off
and okay sure it's not supposed to be
off because this one doesn't have it off
it's really pretty I could have probably
fit in a medium if it me bang and it's a
large but yeah that's that's pretty much
like why I don't like it i just don't
like how it's also my skin it's a really
pretty sure i really like the color if
you could tell all i had was black and
black and who was blue and Patel but
yeah come out I wish degree water came
better and I wish the light hands would
have seen me better but oh well i'm
going to send these three items back but
all the other than that i didn't have a
problem with fashionable you know a lot
of people are skeptical about it and
I've read Alexa just in bad for some
people I've had a good experience aside
from its smelling weird and the shirt
coming rip but other than that it got
here on time and it didn't take long and
you know after you spend 75 it they
could get like free two-day shipping so
i don't i'm not sure why some people
have such hard time I know like people
have hard time like reaching them I
didn't try to reach them i'm just going
to send my items back and i'm going to
take copies of everything like the
receipts and everything and I'm going to
keep my tracking number and everything
because I know it says on there you
don't keep your tracking number and all
that so I know they don't give money
back and they give credit but i will buy
from them eventually again not anytime
soon but you know eventually like I just
wanted to try it out but I really like
the pants like the black pants are
really cute like they're really nice in
the top I really really really like to
so yeah before I make this video any
longer thank you for watching I'm sorry
I've been m.i.a I know I do that a lot
but I've been really busy and it's just
life has come up and your suit when
dating or another and my little business
on the side
and I'm just some time you know yeah
other than that I will see you guys
later if you see me like this coming
next to do because I'm doing two of them
I'm also doing an unboxing sooo sorry
I'm talking I'm primitive talking to
them talking but um yeah see you guys
for saying if you're no I hope you like
so you'll subscribe and I will see you
guys next time bye